add bib and enhance the landing page (#11)
CliMA/DARPA-ACTM: docs/src/index.md

The overall goal of this project is to achieve a step change in the accuracy of representation of clouds in climate models, to quantify uncertainties in the models, and to use the models with quantified uncertainties to assess risks of high-impact climate changes and tipping points. This project is funded by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (Agreement No. HR00112290030), as a part of the *AI-assisted Climate Tipping-point Modeling* program.

### Code repositories and data libraries associated with the project

> The code-base for carrying out this research is part of the CLiMA [model](https://github.com/CliMA). This code is distributed among several packages that interact to provide a modeling and learning framework in this project. The algorithm starts with a current parameter set (green `\theta`) which is passed to the model to produce closures (`\varepsilon`, `\delta`). Using these closures the EDMF model computes profiles of observed variables which are used to compute a loss. The loss informs the inversion algorithm which predicts a better set of parameters (orange $\theta$) and so on until the loss value converges. 

Reviewer: It the docs build it doesn't look like `\theta`, `\epsilon`, etc. are being rendered

Package                                     | Purpose
--------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------
EnsembleKalmanProcesses.jl                  | Implementation of gradient-free optimization techniques
TurbulenceConvection.jl                     | Implementation of EDMF scheme of turbulence, convection and clouds
CalibrateEDMF.jl                            | Framework to learn about cloud processes from data
OperatorFlux.jl                             | A machine learning package for Fourier Neural Operators
LES library                                 | LES generated training data at current climate and 4K warming simulations

The interaction between these components is illustrated in the figure below, where `CalibrateEDMF.jl`

> is the central package the communicate between the model `TurbulenceConvection.jl` the calibration algorithm `EnsembleKalmanProcesses.jl` and the data from the LES library. ![alt text](assets/dependency_diagram.pdf) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is the central package that communicates between the model `TurbulenceConvection.jl`, the calibration algorithm `EnsembleKalmanProcesses.jl`, and the data from the LES library. ![alt text](assets/dependency_diagram.pdf) 
```
